# Overview

This is Shaun van den Hurk's project repository for the MADA course research project.


This is a guide to the file and folder structure for a data analysis project/paper done with R/Quarto/Github. 


# Pre-requisites

This is a template for a data analysis project using R, Quarto, Github and a reference manager that can handle bibtex. Our recommendation for the reference manager is Zotero.


# Structure and content

* The `assets` folder contains PDFs of references, and styles of references at this time.

* The `code` folder and subfolders have all coding. Currently, there are 3 sub-folders that do different parts of the analysis. Processing, EDA and Statistical analysis. The folders contain the relevant files; see the readme files in those folders for details.

* All data is in the `data` folder and subfolders. Currently, there are 2 sub-folders - raw and cleaned data.

* The `products` folder and its subfolders contain deliverables, such as a manuscript/report, and the supplement. 
  - The  `manuscript` subfolder contains the manuscript written as Quarto file. 

* The `results` folder contains automatically/code generated output. This includes figures, tables saved as serialized R data (`.Rds`) files, computed values and other outputs. All content in these folders are automatically generated by code.


# Reproducibility Instructions

To replicate this analysis, run the scripts within the code folder in the following order:

1 - processing-code/processingfile-v1.qmd
2 - eda-code/eda.qmd
3 - analysis-code/statistical-analysis-v2-slim.qmd (Note: This is a large script and will take some time and processing power to run. The script uses loops to load saved data to reduce computation but expect it to take about 15 minutes to run the full script even with those steps.)

4 - products/manuscript or supplementary


Note:
processing-code/processingcode.qmd - This file will not run as the Excel CSV file is not in the repository due to size limitations. It was included purely to demonstrate processing steps. You can contact me to get it or download the file directly from the CDC website if you wish to run this yourself.